How many students live in HKG or CHI?
Where does the student live? | Which student are you referring to? | Is there any students living in HKG or CHI?
How many students have a food allergy?
can you show me a list of allergies?
can you show me a list of allergy name?
what is their allergy types?
how many students have a food allergy?
Show all student IDs who have at least two allergies.
How many students are there?
How many allergies are there?
Can you display all student IDs with at least two allergies?
How many female students have milk or egg allergies?
Can you list the student ids and their allergies?
How many students have milk or egg allergies?
Show the student id of the oldest student.
What is the most common major?
What is the name of the oldest student?
What is that student's Id?
Find the last name and age of the student who has allergy to both milk and cat.
Which student have allergy to both milk and cats? | Here are the student ids of the students who have allergies to both milk and cat. | What are their last names?
And what about their age?
Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Most number of students affected by which allergy?
Which allergy affects student ID 1001
Which allergy affects student ID 1002
Find the average age of the students who have allergies with food and animal types.
Can you list all student IDs that have any kind of allergy?
Can you filter the list to only show student IDs that have food and animal type allergies?
Can you display the ages associated with those student IDs?
What is the average of those 3 ages?
List the first and last name of the students who do not have any food type allergy.
Which students have allergies? | Do you want to return their first and last names or other info? | Just names
How many students don't have any type of allergy?
What are their full names?
Which major has most number of students?
Which major has the highest number of students?
What is the average age of the students in this major?
What is the sex of the students in this major?
Which allergy type has least number of allergies?
How many allergies does the food allergy type have?
How many allergies does the animal allergy type have?
How many allergies does the environmental allergy type have?
Find the number of male (sex is 'M') students who have some food type allery.
Could you please find the number of male (sex is 'M') students who have some type of food allergy?
What are their full names and the names of the food allergies they have?
How many female students are allergic to cats?
Find the first name and gender of the student who has allergy to milk but not cat.
how many female students presented on table
what is the age of smith | Do you mean the age of the student whose last name is Smith? | exactly
exactly | I mean which one do you want to know, first name or last name or both? | i want first name
Find the first name and major of the students who are not allegry to soy.
How many different types of allergies are there?
What allergy is most prevalent among students?
How many male students have a tree pollen allergy?
How many students have a soy allergy?
How many students don't have a soy allergy?
Can you list them for me with their names and majors? | First name? | Yes please. First name and major.
Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Which allergy has the most number of students affected?
How many students has tree pollen affected?
Which allergy has the least number of students affected?
Which advisor has most number of students?
I want to know advisor with the most number of students
What about the advisor with the least number of students
Could you tell me the names of both advisors with the most and the least number of students?
What are the allergies and their types that the student with first name Lisa has? And order the result by name of allergies.
Can you give me the allergies that the student with the first name Lisa has
Are there any other names that have allergies | Do you want the first name or the last name of students other than Lisa who have allergies? | Can i have the list of foods that Lisa is allergic to
Find the different first names and cities of the students who have allergy to milk or cat.
Can you get me the first names of students that have a milk allergy?
Can you list the cities of these students? | Do you want both the cities and the first names of the students? | Yes. Can you please provide both simultaneously?
