Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
Please list each gender code with its corresponding amount of guests and sort it in descending order by that count?
What are the full names of all the people with unknown genders?
What were their birth dates?
What are the birth dates of all guests with the letter M in their first or last name?
Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
What are the first names of all guest with apartment booking status "Confirmed" ?
And how about their last names?
And what about guests with "Provisional" status?
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
Can you list all of the apartments with more than 4 bedrooms? | do you mean the apartment ids of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms? | Yes, please!  I believe that's the only discrete identifier of the apartments (at least that I can see)...
Thank you!  Can you list the facility codes for each of those apartment IDs (3 4 6 11 12 13 15)?
Can you please list the 'building id', 'apartment type code' and 'apartment number' for all apartment IDs with more than 4 bedrooms?
How many apartments do not have any facility?
How many apartments are there?
How many different facilities are there?
Can you list the different facilities?
How many apartments have facilities?
How many apartments have no facilities?
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
Show me the addresses of the buildings.
Any of those have apartments with more than 1 bedrooms? | Sorry, do you want me to list apartments with more than 1 bedrooms? | Yes
How about more than 2 bathrooms?
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
What about the code with the least rooms?
What is the building ID  with  apartment Suite 645?
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
what is the building id for the apt number suite 645
what is the bathroom count and bedroom count of the apartment number suite 645?
what is the room count in the building 624?
what is minimum and maximum number of bathrooms and bedrooms of all the apartments?
what is the building_id of the apartment apt.908?
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
how many apartments have bookings with status code "confirmed"?
show me the apartment type for the 7 apartments
what are the apartment numbers for those 7?
Show the most common apartment type code.
how many different types of apartments are there?
what are they?
Great! how many apartments does each of them have?
could you please show their names as well? | Do you mean the apartment type code? | yes!
ok, which of them is the most common one?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
What are the dates for apartment 585 ? | Did you mean the booking start and end dates of the apartments with id 585? | Yes
Okay, what are the dates for the apartment in building 225 ?
What are the apartment numbers of all apartments with more than 2 bedrooms ?
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
What is the booking status of the apartment with number "Suite 634"?
What is the bathroom count for "Suite 643"?
What is the apartment type code for "Suite 643"?
Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
What is the number of the apartment with the greatest number of bedrooms?
What is the number of the apartment with the least number of bedrooms?
What is the apartment type code of the apartment with the greatest number of bathrooms?
How many rooms does that apartment have, and what is the number of that apartment?
Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
How many different apartment building are there?
How many of those apartment building are managed by Kyle?
How many apartment type codes are there?
Show the apartment numbers in the buildings managed by Kyle.
Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
how many rooms are available in the apartment with short name columbus square
how many bathrooms are there in these 2 rooms | Did  you mean the number of bathrooms in the  apartment with id  is  2? | yes, thanks
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
What are the building short name of building id 133?
Who is building manager of Mercedes House?
Find the building address of building manager Melyssa.
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
How many apartments are there?
Which apartments has the largest number of total rooms? | what attribute did you want me to return for the apartment with the largest number of total rooms? the apartment type code? | The apt ID first.
Now what is the apartment type code of that apartment.
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
Can you show me the numbers of the apartments?
Of those apartments, which ones have more than 2 bedrooms?
Can you provide the booking start dates and end dates, for all the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
Hello!  How many different Apartment Type Codes are there?
Can you provide me with the most common apartment type code among all of the apartments with at least 1 bathroom?
Can you list all apartment IDs with "Flat" as the apartment type?
Thank you! Can you update that list to include the building ID for each of those apartment IDs?
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Can you list the apartment type code for each entry?
Can you add to the table the room count for each entry?
Can you find the entries with the highest room count and only keep those in the table? | And still return the apartment type code and the room count? | Yes, only for those entries with the highest room count.
Sorry, I think I misunderstood the question. Can you display only the apartment type codes again for each entry?
Can you add up the room counts for each distinct apartment type code and display those values along with their respective department type codes?
Amazing! Can you do add up the bathroom counts and bedroom counts for the department type Flat and add those to the table?
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
How many apartments in this table?
How many flats in this table? | Do you mean the number of apartments whose type code is Flat? | Yes.
What is the number of apartments whose type code is studio?
Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
How many bathroom count those building 809 has? | The total number of bathrooms building 809 has is NULL. | How about building 808?
How about the total number of rooms it has?
Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
What building has a gym? | Do you mean the building ids of buildings with apartments that have gyms? | Yes please.
How many bathrooms are there in those buildings?
How many bedrooms are there in those buildings?
What is the total number of rooms in those buildings?
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
Please show me all the information about each apartment
Now just the info for Suite 634
and now just show the booking status code for that suite
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
Which buildings are in a studio?
What are their managers?
Which of the building full names have the word "court" in it?
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
What dates are these apartments booked for?
How many of these apartments have 3 bedrooms?
How many bathrooms are in each of these apartments?
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
How many rooms are in the apartment number suite 645?
What is the building id of apartment Apt 585?
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the departments?
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
Hello. What are the IDs of guests with gender code Female?
Show me the start dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please.
Show me the start dates and end dates of apartment bookings by these IDs please.
Can you give me the apartment ids for the same list?
Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
Hi - can you please tell me the average room count of all Provisional bookings?
Great - can you list all apartments with more than one bathroom and more than three bedrooms?
Which apartment has the most bedrooms?
OK - what was the total number of bookings in 2016?
How many of those bookings were studio apartments?
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
Can you show me the top 3 highest room counts?
For each apartment, can you tell me the average of the bedroom count, bathroom count, and room count? | Do you mean for each apartment type, find the average of the bedroom count, bathroom count, and room count? | yes
Can you tell me the average number of rooms for each apartment type code?
Can you sort them in descending order?
Can you show me just the apartment type codes of the top 3?
Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
What are the apartment type codes?
What are the Maximum rooms for each Apartment type code?
What are the Minimum rooms for each Apartment type code?
What is the Apartment type code of building id 808?
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
What are the facility codes of all the apartments that have more than 4 bedrooms?
What are the apartment numbers of those?
How many bathrooms do each of those have?