Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
what is the average level of membership?
How many membership cards are black?
what's the average time of purchase for white membership card?
What are their names?
What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
how many membership cards? | There are 2 different membership cards. | what is age of Ashby Lazale
how many time of purchase in ashby lazale
Level of membership Breton, Robert
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
What is the membership card of Breton,Robert?
What is the age of Breton,Robert?
What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
Which store has the most staff? | Do  you  want  to get  the shop ID which has the  most  staff? | yes, please
Which shop has a happy hour in may? | Do  you  want  to get  shop  ID  or  another attribute? | shop id
Can you also show me their addresses ? | Here are the addresses of shops that have happy hours in may | Can you show me them with their corresponding shop ids?
Which months have more than 2 happy hours?
whats he average number of staffs in charge
how many months in total
which months have more than 2 happy hours
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
How many shops have a score of above 37?
Which shop has the lowest number of staff? | The shop with ID 1 has  the lowest number of staff. | What is the average number of workers for all the shops?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card.
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30
Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card.
Hmmm. Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30?
How many of these members have a black membership card?
Can you please show me their names?
Which month has the most happy hours?
I'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June?
How many places offer happy hour?
Which of those 5 distinct shops have the most happy hours? | Shop id 1 has the most happy hours | Can you tell me which shop ID offers the least happy hours?
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
Which address has members younger than 30?
Which address has members older than 40?
Which address has members younger than 30 and older than 40?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
Which shop has the highest score?
How many shops have more staff than shop 10?
And are there any other shops on the same street? | What street are you referring to? | The street shop 10 is on.
