What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Who are the delegates on the Appropriations committee?
What counties are they from?
What districts are they from?
What are the populations of the counties they come from, please?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and
How many parties in this table?
Peter Vallone	in which party?
How many elections in this table?
Carl McCall in which party?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations"?
Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
Which delegates are from countries with population smaller than 100000?
Can you give the name of the countries with population smaller than 100000?
What is the number of counties with population greater than 100000?
Can you give me the name of the counties with population between 50000 and 100000?
What are the committee names for the counties with population smaller than 100000?
What are the committee names for the counties with population between 50000-100000?
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
How many parties are there?
What are their names?
Is there any party that has at least two records?
Yes, can you show me all the attorney generals from democratic party?
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
How many parties have at least two records?
What are those parties?
Who are the comptroller of those individuals?
Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party?
Which committees have delegates from the democratic party?
Which committees have delegates from the liberal party?
Which committees have delegates from both parties, please?
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
What is the average population across the counties?
Which county's population is lowest?
What county has the highest population?
And what is its zip code?
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Could you list the names of all counties in ascending alphabetical order?
How many delegates do each of these counties have?
Could you only show the counties that have at least two delegates?
How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
What is the zip code of county id of 2
how much population of zip code D21?
what is the county name zip code D02?
what is election id of district 2?
how many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
how many zip codes in the county table
how many county id in the county table
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic Party.
Hmm. Please return all the committees that have delegates from Liberal party.
Please give me all the delegates's names from Liberal party in Appropriations committee
Can you also give me all the delegate's name from Liberal party in Economic Matters committee.
Can you please give the delegates name from Democratic Party in economic matters committee?
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
Tell me the Lieutenant Governor name for the year 1998 ?
Who is the Delegate for the election id 1 ?
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates ?
Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
Yes, what's the name of the county with the biggest population?
And the name with the smallest population?
What is the population of Baltimore County?
What is its zip code?
