Which game type has most number of games?
Tell me the Gtype of the GameID 1 ?
What is the GameID of the GName RNG Stone ?
Tell me the GName of the GType Role-playing game ?
Which game type has most number of games ?
What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports?
How many students are playing multiple sports?
What are the names of the two students who are playing multiple sports?
Show all advisors who have at least two students.
can you please show me all the advisors?
show me all advisors who does not have at least two students?
which advisors have at least two students?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber.
How many hours per week did David Shieber play? | Do you mean the total hours per week did David Shieber play? (He can play different sports) | Yes, total hours
What are the total number of games he played?
What are the first and last names of the student who played the most total hours per week?
How many total games did she play?
Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours.
What are the names of all games that were played for at least 1000 hours?
What are the names of all games that were played for less than 1000 hours?
What are the average hours played for each game type?
Show student ids who don't have any sports.
Can you show me the student names with ids?
Hmm, can you list the student ids with sports played?
I want to know the student names and ids who don’t play any sports.
Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
How many hours of role-playing games were played?
What game had the most hours played?
Who played the most hours of Works of Widenius?
How many students play Works of Widenius?
What game type is Works of Widenius?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for students under 20.
What are the number of games played for students under the age of 20?
What are the total hours per week students under the age of 20 played games?
What is the most common sport name those students played?
Which game type has most number of games?
list all the game type
list the name of a shooting game. | Do you mean "First-person shooter" games? | yes i mean "first-person shooter" game?
which game type has least number of games?
Which game type has most number of games?
Show student ids who are female and play football.
show student ids who are female and play football
what is the name of the student with the id 1002 | Would you like first name and last name of the student with student id 1002? | yes
what is the first name and last name of the student with the student id 1003
Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
Show the game name that has most number of hours played.
Show the game that least number of hours played.
how many student played the game? | Would you like to know how many entries in the plays games table correspond to The Vanishing of Eric Calder? | yes
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Please show me the ids of the students who play video games and play sports?
Show last names for all student who are on scholarship.
How many students are on scholarship?
What are the last names for those students?
What are their first names?
What are their majors?
What sport name do they play?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
list number of games played by students
how many of those are played by students on scholarship?
list all the names of the sports available
Show student ids who are female and play football.
which students are female? | Do you want the ids of students who are female? | yes
now give me the student ids of people who play football
show me the ids of the students that are both female and play football
Show all student IDs with more than total 10 hours per week on all sports played.
Show all student IDs with more than a total of 10 hours per week on all sports played please.
Which of those were just football?
What's the average hours per week all students played football?
What's the average hours per week all students played athletics?
What are all sports names?
What's the average hours per week all students played Lacrosse?
What are the student IDs of those students?
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Which students play video games?
How about students who play sports?
Show ids of students who play video games and sports?
Show all game names played by Linda Smith
Which game names were played by Linda Smith?
What is the Gtype of RGN Stone?
What is the city code of Student Shiela Jones?
How many Hours Played do The Vanishing of Eric Calde hasr?
What are the Student names who have played Gname The Vanishing of Eric Calder.
What is the total Hours Played of all Students?
Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse.
How many students play football?
What are their first and last names?
How many students play Lacrosse?
What are their first and last names?
Find the last name and gender of the students who are playing both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius games.
Age and sex of Smith Linda? | The age and sex of the student whose last name is Smith and first name is Linda are 18 and F respectively. | What type of game is 'The Vanishing of Eric Calder'?
Give the hours played by Kim Tracy?
City code of Jones Shiela? | Do you mean the city code of the student whose first name is Shiela and last name is Jones? | Yes
Which game type has least number of games?
How many game types do you have?
What is the average number of games in all game types?
Finally, which game type has the least number of games?
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
Could you please show me all the student IDs with the number of sports?
Could you add the total number of games played to that table please?
How many students are on scholarships?
What is the most common sports name?
What is the name of the sport the student with the most hours per week played?
Show the average, minimum, and maximum age for different majors.
what is the lname of linda
what is the age of linda
what is the age of kim
what is the sex of age 18
Which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
How many SportName on scholarship?
What are these 7 different sports that have student on scholarship?
which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
