What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
Hello there! Can you list all of the hometowns listed in this database?
Thank you for that information!  Can you filter that list to show just the hometowns for gymnasts whose total points are more than 57.5?
Thank you! Can you show all of the names of the gymnasts for those hometowns?
Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
Hello!  Can you show me a list of all of the hometowns?
Thank you!  Can you filter this list ot show only the hometowns that have both people older than 23 years of age and people younger than 20 years of age?
Excellent!  Can you tell me how many people in total have Santo Domingo as their Hometown?
List the names of gymnasts in ascending order by their heights.
Who is the tallest gymnast?
How tall is Nadia Caba Rodríguez?
Great, can you list the names of the gymnasts in ascending order by their heights?
What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
Hello!  Can you please list all of the gymnast IDs and their associated hometowns?
Awesome!  Which of these hometowns is the most common?
Awesome!  Can you show me a list of all people names that are associated with Santo Domingo?
What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
what are the hometowns of gymnasts
the corresponding number of gymnasts? | Can you clarity what do you mean by the corresponding number? | how many gymnasts are in table?
details about paul hamm | Can you be more specific for what details do you need for Paul Hamm? | i want paul hamm's age
What is the age of the tallest person?
how many people are there
how many are under age 21
how many are from same hometown | Santo Domingo is the only hometown where more than 1 person is from. There are 5 people from the hometown San Domingo. | what is the name of people ID 2
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points.
Show the ages of gymnasts in descending order of total points.
Show their names.
What is the height of Paul Hamm?
What is his hometown?
How many total points does he have?
How many rings points does he have?
What is the age of the tallest person?
What is the tallest height?
What is that person's name?
How old is he?
