Find the market shares and names of furnitures which no any company is producing in our records.
What is the market share of Chabudai?
What is its price?
What is its ID?
Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
what are the companies that produce the most expensive furniture | Do you mean the names of manufacturers that produce the most expensive furniture? | yes, the names of the company that produces the most expensive furniture
what is the id of this name
list both the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture in the same table
Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate.
Return the name and ID of the furniture with the highest market rate
rank the furniture according to the number of pieces available | Do you want a list of furniture name sorted by its corresponding number of component? | Yes, Name and corresponding number of components.
Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
Which furniture has the highest price? | The id of the furniture with the highest price is 7. | What is the name of the manufacturer that sells that furniture?
What is the manufacturer ID for Tomorrow?
How many shops does Tomorrow have?
Find the name of the company that produces both furnitures with less than 6 components and furnitures with more than 10 components.
Hello, can you find me the names of the furniture with less then 6 components?
Thanks can you find me the names of the furniture with more then 10 components?
Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price.
how many furnitures on the table
which furnitures are highest market rate | The name of the furniture that has the highest market rate is Billiard table | what about the highest price of furniture
what is highest num of component?
find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares.
how can find total market rate of the furniture
