What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
tell me the total number of injured in both china and japan
what is the rate of kill in south korea
what is the location of ID 3 | Do you mean the perpetrator ID? | yes the prepetrator ID
What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills.
How many perpetrators are there?
What is the location for each perpetrator?
Can you tell me the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills?
List the names of people that are not perpetrators.
what is the name of people that are not perpetrators
what is the weight of John Danks
what is the height of  John Danks
What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84.
I want to know how many perpetrators are taller than 1.84 | So do you mean the kills of perpetrators with height more than 1.84? | Yes, that's exactly what I mean
How many perpetrators does that include?
When did the earliest killing take place?
Can you tell me how many people were injured for the most recent date?
Which country had the most killings and injuries? | Do you mean killings plus injuries together? | Yes, that is what I mean.
What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not "China"?
Hi - can you please list the names of perpetrators in all countries except for China?
Great - I forgot to ask, can you please show which countries each of the listed perpetrators are associated with?
Fantastic - what was the total number of perpetrators in China?
Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20.
How many countries are there on the list?
Can you list the name of the countries that have perpetrators with injures more than 50?
Can you also include the name of the contries that have perpetrators with injures smaller than 20?
What are the names of perpetrators in country "China" or "Japan"?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country China?
What are the names of the perpetrators in the country Japan?
What are the heights of all the perpetrators in Japan and China?
What are the weights of all the perpetrators from South Korea?
Show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
show me the location of the tallest perpetrator.
what country is Kaio from?
how many people were killed in Japan?
how many got injured in japan?
What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight.
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAS KILLED AT SOUTH KOREA ?
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE PERPETRATOR WITH THE BIGGEST WEIGHT ?
WHERE IS THE LOCATION OF EVENTS IN JAPAN ?
