Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
Hi, can you please tell me which country has a manager of age above 50?
what about the countries with manager of age below 46?
can you please tell me how many managers Scotland has?
what about other countries?
how many level 5 managers does United States have?
and can you please tell me their names?
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46?
What is the least aged Manager's name on the list?
How many managers are from United States on the list?
List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
Which railways do not have trains? | Did you mean the object number of railways that do not have any train? | Yes
and ones that do?
What are their names?
and the names of the railways with no trains?
when were they built?
Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train.
how many railway there
what is the train number of sewagram exp
what is the location of mr
What is the name of the oldest manager?
Can you tell me the name of the oldest manager please?
What is the name of the manager with the earliest working year?
Can you list the names of all managers with the highest level?
Show the most common builder of railways.
Hi, Can you tell me the most common builder of railways?
Can you tell me the last railways this builder has build?
In what year was GWRSn build?
List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
which object railways that do not have any trains? | Do you mean the object number? | yes, I apologize. Which object number railways that do not have any trains?
which one is located in New York. | Do you mean York? | sorry, yes.
which object numbers do have trains?
who is the builder of 
Object Number 1975-7006?
What is the name of the oldest manager?
Can you find the name and age of the oldest manager?
What year did Todd Hamilton start working?
Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
Please show the countries that have both managers of age above 50, and managers of age below 46
Please show me the names of all those managers
Please show me the age of the youngest and oldest managers
Show the locations that have more than one railways.
Can you list the names of the locations that have two or more railways?
When were those built?
What is the location of the most recently built railway?
Who is the builder of the railway built earliest?
When was that railway built?
Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains.
Which builder has the least trains?
How about the builder with the most trains?
What is his id?
