List the names of aircrafts and that did not win any match.
Which pilot won the most matches?
Which aircraft won the most matches?
what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
In which country  Swan River , Perth located ?
How old is Mr. Cristian Halvorson II?
In which country Mina' Zayid , Abu Dhabi located ?
what is the name and age of the oldest winning pilot
where is Flamengo Beach , Rio de Janeiro situated
List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
What are the names of the aircraft?
Tell me the Location and Country of the Round 1 ?
What is the pilot id of Prof. Zackery Collins ?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick"
please show the description of the Aircraft Robinson R-22
Which airport had the most domestic passengers?
Number of international passengers per airport?
Ok. Can you show all the information for London Heathrow airport?
What are the maximum number of transit passengers of all airports?
What are the minimum number of transit passengers of all airports?
What is the average of all domestic passengers
What airport name has the highest amount of international passengers?
find the name and age of the pilot who has won the most number of times among the pilots who are younger than 30.
Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named \"London Heathrow\" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
Yes, I just needs the name of aircrafts in airports
Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
what is the average level of membership?
How many membership cards are black?
what's the average time of purchase for white membership card?
What are their names?
What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
how many membership cards?
what is age of Ashby, Lazale
how many time of purchase in ashby, lazale
Level of membership Breton, Robert
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
What is the membership card of Breton, Robert?
What is the age of Breton, Robert?
What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
Which shop has the  most  staff?
Which shop has a happy hour in may?
Can you also show me their addresses ?
Which months have more than 2 happy hours?
whats he average number of staffs in charge
how many months in total
which months have more than 2 happy hours
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
How many shops have a score of above 37?
Which shop has the lowest number of staff?
What is the average number of workers for all the shops?
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30 or with black membership card.
Find the ids and names of members who are under age 30
Please find the ids and names of members with black membership card.
Hmmm. Can you also show me the ids and names of members who are over age 30?
How many of these members have a black membership card?
Can you please show me their names?
Which month has the most happy hours?
I'd like to know how many staff are in charge in June?
How many places offer happy hour?
Which of those 5 distinct shops have the most happy hours?
Can you tell me which shop ID offers the least happy hours?
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
Which address has members younger than 30?
Which address has members older than 40?
Which address has members younger than 30 and older than 40?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
Which shop has the highest score?
How many shops have more staff than shop 10?
And are there any other shops on the same street as shop 10?
What years did those open?
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Which company has the most buildings?
What is the building ID that has the most company offices?
What is the name of building with ID 3?
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
Which company has its headquarter in the USA?
What is the industry of the company named General Electric?
How much profit did it make ?
Which company has the highest amount of assets?
how much is its market value in billions for BNP Paribas?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
Which building is the highest?
How tall is the Torre Reforma?
How many stories does the highest building have?
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
How many companies have an industry of banking?
How many don't have a banking industry?
What are the total sales of those companies?
What is the maximum sales of those companies?
What is the minimum sales?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
What is the name of the building with the largest height?
How many stories does that building have?
What is the height of that building?
What city is that building in?
How many stories does the building with the smallest height have?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building?
What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in?
Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it?
What is the name of company with the company id 4?
ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec, correct?
Which buildings have a General Electric then?
What other companies are located in Corporativo BBVA Bancomer?
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Count the number of building IDs
add a column for company id
list the number of unique building ids for each company id
add a column for company name
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Show the names of the buildings
Now show the names of building whose status is on-hold
names of buildings whose status is on-hold in ascending order of stories
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
what is the highest profits of companies
what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase
what is name of headquarters on General Electric
which company is highest assets value
Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
What companies are in the banking industry?
Where are those companies' headquarters located?
Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry? | Do you mean banking, not backing? | Sorry, yes banking!
Thank you! Can you now tell me the all the headquarters of a company in Oil and gas?
Great, what about all the headquarters with both a company in oil and gas and a company in banking?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count, please?
What is the name of the location that has more than one gas station?
What year was more than one gas station opened in?
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
what is the average of market value?
what is the average of assets billion?
what is companies headquarters?
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
What is the average market value
Which company is the most profitable?
What is the average sales of the companies ranked 1, 2 and 3?
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil?
What is the name of the company which has market value 213.7?
Where is the headquarters  of the company general electric?
Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
Show the name of the company with company id 1?
Show all company name and main industry with gas station?
Show all company name and main industry without a gas station?
find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
Which company has the biggest market value in billion?
what is BP's market value?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
What is the representative name of Newport Rd?
Which gas station location is the oldest based on its open year.
How many gas stations opened after 2000?
What's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000?
What are the locations of those?
What are the vice manager names of those locations?
What years did those open?
Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus.
What are the school names of the schools without school buses?
Can you please get me the types of those schools?
what are schools in Hawaii have school buses?
What about in Indonesia?
How many private schools are in Hawaii?
find the name of driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history.
Can you list the driver ids and whether they drive full time or not?
Hmm, I also want to know their years working.
Can you tell me the name of the driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history?
How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
Can you show me the number of drivers who are from Hartford City?
Oh, I want the names of the drivers.
Hmm, please show me names of the drivers who are younger than 40.
Can you count the number of drivers who are from Hartford City or younger than 40?
Show the home city with the most number of drivers.
How many drivers are there?
What is the average age of your drivers?
Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from.
how many driver are presented on the table
list out the driver names on the table
what is the age of Matthew Ritter
what is the home city of Dan Carter
Show the names of the drivers without a school bus.
what are the names of all drivers?
also give me their driver ids
what are the number of years for working for each driver and their names?
Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
Hello!  Can you show me all school names and bus driver names for each of the school buses in this database?
Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
How many of the drivers are over 40?
How many of these drivers are also from Hartford?
What is the party of these 4 drivers?