Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
What companies are in the banking industry?
Where are those companies' headquarters located?
Show all headquarters with both a company in banking industry and a company in Oil and gas.
Hi can you show me all the headquarters of a company in backing industry? | Do you mean banking, not backing? | Sorry, yes banking!
Thank you! Can you now tell me the all the headquarters of a company in Oil and gas?
Great, what about all the headquarters with both a company in oil and gas and a company in banking?
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count, please?
What is the name of the location that has more than one gas station?
What year was more than one gas station opened in?
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
what is the average of market value?
what is the average of assets billion?
what is companies headquarters?
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
What is the average market value
Which company is the most profitable?
What is the average sales of the companies ranked 1, 2 and 3?
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
What is the profits billion of Company ExonMobil?
What is the name of the company which has market value 213.7?
Where is the headquarters  of the company general electric?
Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
Show the name of the company with company id 1?
Show all company name and main industry with gas station?
Show all company name and main industry without a gas station?
find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
Which company has the biggest market value in billion?
what is BP's market value?
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
What is the representative name of Newport Rd?
Which gas station location is the oldest based on its open year.
How many gas stations opened after 2000?
What's the name of the manager that opened the most gas stations after 2000?
What are the locations of those?
What are the vice manager names of those locations?
What years did those open?