Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Which company has the most buildings?
What is the building ID that has the most company offices?
What is the name of building with ID 3?
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
Which company has its headquarter in the USA?
What is the industry of the company named General Electric?
How much profit did it make ?
Which company has the highest amount of assets?
how much is its market value in billions for BNP Paribas?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
Which building is the highest?
How tall is the Torre Reforma?
How many stories does the highest building have?
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
How many companies have an industry of banking?
How many don't have a banking industry?
What are the total sales of those companies?
What is the maximum sales of those companies?
What is the minimum sales?
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
What is the name of the building with the largest height?
How many stories does that building have?
What is the height of that building?
What city is that building in?
How many stories does the building with the smallest height have?
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Can you tell me which companies are located at the Torre KOI building?
What other buildings is JPMorgan Chase also located in?
Does Torre Mitkah have an HSBC located in it?
What is the name of company with the company id 4?
ExxonMobil is located in Punto Chapultepec, correct?
Which buildings have a General Electric then?
What other companies are located in Corporativo BBVA Bancomer?
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Count the number of building IDs
add a column for company id
list the number of unique building ids for each company id
add a column for company name
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Show the names of the buildings
Now show the names of building whose status is on-hold
names of buildings whose status is on-hold in ascending order of stories
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
what is the highest profits of companies
what is the market value of JPMorgan Chase
what is name of headquarters on General Electric
which company is highest assets value